[Music]
[Music] again you shall say to the children of
again you shall say to the children of
again you shall say to the children of Israel whoever of the children of Israel
Israel whoever of the children of Israel
Israel whoever of the children of Israel or of the strangers who dwell in Israel
or of the strangers who dwell in Israel
or of the strangers who dwell in Israel who gives any of his descendants to
who gives any of his descendants to
who gives any of his descendants to Molech he shall surely be put to death
Molech he shall surely be put to death
Molech he shall surely be put to death the people of the land shall stone him
the people of the land shall stone him
the people of the land shall stone him with stones I will set my face against
with stones I will set my face against
with stones I will set my face against that man and will cut him off from his
that man and will cut him off from his
that man and will cut him off from his people because he has given some of his
people because he has given some of his
people because he has given some of his descendants to Moloch to defile my
descendants to Moloch to defile my
descendants to Moloch to defile my sanctuary and profane my holy name and
sanctuary and profane my holy name and
sanctuary and profane my holy name and if the people of the land should in any
if the people of the land should in any
if the people of the land should in any way hide their eyes from the man when he
way hide their eyes from the man when he
way hide their eyes from the man when he gives some of his descendants to Moloch
gives some of his descendants to Moloch
gives some of his descendants to Moloch and they do not kill him then I will set
and they do not kill him then I will set
and they do not kill him then I will set my face against that man and against his
my face against that man and against his
my face against that man and against his family and I will cut him off from his
family and I will cut him off from his
family and I will cut him off from his people and all who prostitute themselves
people and all who prostitute themselves
people and all who prostitute themselves with him to commit harlotry with Moloch
with him to commit harlotry with Moloch
with him to commit harlotry with Moloch and the person who turns to mediums and
and the person who turns to mediums and
and the person who turns to mediums and familiar spirits to prostitute himself
familiar spirits to prostitute himself
familiar spirits to prostitute himself with them I will set my face against
with them I will set my face against
with them I will set my face against that person and cut him off from his
that person and cut him off from his
that person and cut him off from his people consecrate yourselves therefore
people consecrate yourselves therefore
people consecrate yourselves therefore and be holy for I am the Lord your God
and be holy for I am the Lord your God
and be holy for I am the Lord your God and you shall keep my statutes and
and you shall keep my statutes and
and you shall keep my statutes and perform them I am the lord who
perform them I am the lord who
perform them I am the lord who sanctifies you for every one who curses
sanctifies you for every one who curses
sanctifies you for every one who curses his father or his mother shall surely be
his father or his mother shall surely be
his father or his mother shall surely be put to death
put to death
put to death he has cursed his father or his mother
he has cursed his father or his mother
he has cursed his father or his mother his blood shall be upon him the man who
his blood shall be upon him the man who
his blood shall be upon him the man who commits adultery with another man's wife
commits adultery with another man's wife
commits adultery with another man's wife he who commits adultery with his
he who commits adultery with his
he who commits adultery with his neighbor's wife the adulterer and the
neighbor's wife the adulterer and the
neighbor's wife the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be
adulteress shall surely be
adulteress shall surely be to death the man who lives with his
to death the man who lives with his
to death the man who lives with his father's wife has uncovered his father's
father's wife has uncovered his father's
father's wife has uncovered his father's nakedness both of them shall surely be
nakedness both of them shall surely be
nakedness both of them shall surely be put to death their blood shall be upon
put to death their blood shall be upon
put to death their blood shall be upon them if a man lies with his
them if a man lies with his
them if a man lies with his daughter-in-law both of them shall
daughter-in-law both of them shall
daughter-in-law both of them shall surely be put to death they have
surely be put to death they have
surely be put to death they have committed perversion their blood shall
committed perversion their blood shall
committed perversion their blood shall be upon them if a man lies with a male
be upon them if a man lies with a male
be upon them if a man lies with a male as he lies with a woman both of them
as he lies with a woman both of them
as he lies with a woman both of them have committed an abomination they shall
have committed an abomination they shall
have committed an abomination they shall surely be put to death their blood shall
surely be put to death their blood shall
surely be put to death their blood shall be upon them if a man marries a woman
be upon them if a man marries a woman
be upon them if a man marries a woman and her mother
and her mother
and her mother it is wickedness they shall be burned
it is wickedness they shall be burned
it is wickedness they shall be burned with fire
with fire
with fire both he and they that there may be no
both he and they that there may be no
both he and they that there may be no wickedness among you if a man mates with
wickedness among you if a man mates with
wickedness among you if a man mates with an animal he shall surely be put to
an animal he shall surely be put to
an animal he shall surely be put to death and you shall kill the animal if a
death and you shall kill the animal if a
death and you shall kill the animal if a woman approaches any animal and mates
woman approaches any animal and mates
woman approaches any animal and mates with it you shall kill the woman and the
with it you shall kill the woman and the
with it you shall kill the woman and the animal they shall surely be put to death
animal they shall surely be put to death
animal they shall surely be put to death their blood is upon them if a man takes
their blood is upon them if a man takes
their blood is upon them if a man takes his sister his father's daughter or his
his sister his father's daughter or his
his sister his father's daughter or his mother's daughter and sees her nakedness
mother's daughter and sees her nakedness
mother's daughter and sees her nakedness and she sees his nakedness it is a
and she sees his nakedness it is a
and she sees his nakedness it is a wicked thing and they shall be cut off
wicked thing and they shall be cut off
wicked thing and they shall be cut off in the sight of their people
in the sight of their people
in the sight of their people he has uncovered his sister's nakedness
he has uncovered his sister's nakedness
he has uncovered his sister's nakedness he shall bear his guilt if a man lies
he shall bear his guilt if a man lies
he shall bear his guilt if a man lies with a woman during her sickness and
with a woman during her sickness and
with a woman during her sickness and uncovers her nakedness
uncovers her nakedness
uncovers her nakedness he has exposed her flow and she has
he has exposed her flow and she has
he has exposed her flow and she has uncovered the flow of her blood both of
uncovered the flow of her blood both of
uncovered the flow of her blood both of them shall be cut off from their people
them shall be cut off from their people
them shall be cut off from their people you shall not uncover the nakedness of
you shall not uncover the nakedness of
you shall not uncover the nakedness of your mother's sister nor of your
your mother's sister nor of your
your mother's sister nor of your father's sister for that would uncover
father's sister for that would uncover
father's sister for that would uncover his near of kin they shall bear their
his near of kin they shall bear their
his near of kin they shall bear their guilt if a man lies with his uncle's
guilt if a man lies with his uncle's
guilt if a man lies with his uncle's wife he has uncovered his uncle's
wife he has uncovered his uncle's
wife he has uncovered his uncle's nakedness they shall bear their sin they
nakedness they shall bear their sin they
nakedness they shall bear their sin they shall die childless
shall die childless
shall die childless if a man takes his brother's wife it is
if a man takes his brother's wife it is
if a man takes his brother's wife it is an unclean thing he has uncovered his
an unclean thing he has uncovered his
an unclean thing he has uncovered his brother's nakedness they shall be
brother's nakedness they shall be
brother's nakedness they shall be childless you shall therefore keep all
childless you shall therefore keep all
childless you shall therefore keep all my statutes and all my judgments and
my statutes and all my judgments and
my statutes and all my judgments and perform them that the land where I am
perform them that the land where I am
perform them that the land where I am bringing you to dwell may not vomit you
bringing you to dwell may not vomit you
bringing you to dwell may not vomit you out and you shall not walk in the
out and you shall not walk in the
out and you shall not walk in the statutes of the nation which I am
statutes of the nation which I am
statutes of the nation which I am casting out before you for they commit
casting out before you for they commit
casting out before you for they commit all these things and therefore I abhor
all these things and therefore I abhor
all these things and therefore I abhor them but I have said to you you shall
them but I have said to you you shall
them but I have said to you you shall inherit their land and I will give it to
inherit their land and I will give it to
inherit their land and I will give it to you to possess a land flowing with milk
you to possess a land flowing with milk
you to possess a land flowing with milk and honey I am the Lord your God who has
and honey I am the Lord your God who has
and honey I am the Lord your God who has separated you from the peoples you shall
separated you from the peoples you shall
separated you from the peoples you shall therefore distinguish between clean
therefore distinguish between clean
therefore distinguish between clean animals and unclean between unclean
animals and unclean between unclean
animals and unclean between unclean birds and clean and you shall not make
birds and clean and you shall not make
birds and clean and you shall not make yourselves abominable by beasts or by
yourselves abominable by beasts or by
yourselves abominable by beasts or by bird or by any kind of living thing that
bird or by any kind of living thing that
bird or by any kind of living thing that creeps on the ground which I have
creeps on the ground which I have
creeps on the ground which I have separated from you as unclean and you
separated from you as unclean and you
separated from you as unclean and you shall be holy to me for I the LORD am
shall be holy to me for I the LORD am
shall be holy to me for I the LORD am holy and have separated you from the
holy and have separated you from the
holy and have separated you from the peoples that you should be mine a man or
peoples that you should be mine a man or
peoples that you should be mine a man or a woman who is a medium or who has
a woman who is a medium or who has
a woman who is a medium or who has familiar spirits shall surely be put to
familiar spirits shall surely be put to
familiar spirits shall surely be put to death they shall stone them with stones
death they shall stone them with stones
death they shall stone them with stones their blood shall be upon them